YHOOL-AMAS: TODO

1 CHECKS TO PERFORM

1.1 Zones analysis

  Which zones the character has visited/discovered

If he has visited only the minimal amount of zones to reach the 
bank (we'll just test the path ourselves from the starting zone 
to orgrimmar or ratchet for example), he gets 10 points.

Might be a good idea to compare against the average amount of 
zones discovered by all players as well and give points depending 
on that.

In the Characters DB, in the table characters, in the column 
exploredZones.


https://github.com/Winfidonarleyan/mod-anti-multi-account/issues/3

  If a character always stay in the same zone.

Especially in zones with banks and Auction Houses (capital 
cities, goblins cities and zones where I'll add a new AH).

Example:

Regularly store the position of a character in an array (every X 
minutes or everytime he changes from a big zone to another big 
zone), and when the character logs out, store it in the DB then 
calculate the most visited zone in the last X days and compare it 
to the total visited zones

1.2 Detailed activity log

If the user logs very rarely but “regularly” and only does a few 
actions, then it's probably a hidden mule = +10 pts

It is good against smarter people.

2 GM Commands

2.1 .amas mail #character_name or .mail list #character_name

For YHOOL, one of the main thing is to find “mule rerolls/alt 
mules” (characters created to store items in bank, mails, auction 
house etc). This command will display the list of all recipient 
he sent messages to (it can be quite long, I don't know if it 
will be practical to use).

1. Barbz sends a mail with 500 gold to Winfi

2. Barbz sends a mail with 199 gold and 5 items to Winfy

3. Barbz sends a text mail only to Rochet

4. A GM writes “.amas mail Barbz”, here is the display:

Mails sent ( [CharName] -> Gold: X, Items: X, Text only: X, 
Mails: X )

[Winfi] -> Gold: 699, Items: 5, Text: 0, Mails: 2

[Rochet] -> Gold: 0, Items: 0, Text: 1, Mails: 1

etc...

Basically, check that issue: 
https://github.com/Winfidonarleyan/mod-anti-multi-account/issues/44

In fact, maybe this command should be in the core as “.mail list 
#character_name” because it can be useful even outside of AMAS. 
In the core or in a module.

Note: Command `list item` has a "maxcount" option to display a 
longer list or not

  Note pour Barbz:

Ce n'est pas hyper nécessaire à moins d'avoir testé en jeu plus 
tard, c'est pour ça que c'est en TODO. Je pourrai avoir de 
meilleur résultat directement dans la DB et éventuellement donner 
accès aux GMs à cette view.

